good morning everybody this is luis for
a junior it's like it's 560 in the
morning on friday and instead of running
up this post i decided to be lazy and do
your video was about to be much cooler
and i want to show you is here of course
the big shine it complete character
folio for pathfinder this is done by
both friends of mine at gamer ingenuity
it's a nice simple character sheet you
know everybody's naked ok it's Gibby she
told Paige character sheet what makes
this captured a little bit different is
this one little fact your pockets so if
you play on pathfinders iety and you've
got a lot of shirts and stuff you can
actually stick it in here and not worry
about them slipping out they've also got
like little information inside the
pockets you know stuff you might need
from time to time character she told
pages that's gonna you get your basic
standard trip sheet on page one more
Jessica for descriptions on page two
skills on page three spell casting its
page spell-casting peach but 34
followers familiars animal companions
they have their own pages other stats
character advancement tool experience of
points and of course the ogl in the back
this product is selling for 795 okay
they also the really cool thing about
this I always talk about hey you should
do your own product your own things you
do your own stuff well because that
these guys announced that we're going to
be doing up product at gencon that's
when I decided same time let's go and
put some people boom and I was talking
gift on last year then kind 2010
just past and from gencon to now what's
the 24th they have an actual product
available and ready the question you'd
ask yourself is why don't you have a
product ready yet all right once again
you see it in stores probably sometimes
next week Oh actually not going to
shipped out this week so your pricing in
stores the week after or and you're also
probably going to see it title com so
think about it from gaining ingenuity
they have a link on my website right
handed my blog both so check them out
talk to you later